1. Create 2 fields on the requester’s page as follows –
A. Last Date to Submit Documents
•       The field should be a date field :: DD-MMM-YYYY
•       The calculation would be = Date of Payment by Finance + 90
E.g. If Finance updates the field, Date of Payment by Finance as 12-Oct-2022
Then, Last Date to Submit Documents would be 12-Oct-22 + 90 = 10-Jan-23
 
B. Date of Maturity
•       The field should be a date field: DD-MMM-YYYY
•       The calculation would be = Date of Final Documents Approved by Finance + 48 Months
 E.g. If Admin approves the Original Documents (i.e. the date when Admin approves the Tax Invoice, Insurance and RC) is 23-Nov-2022
Then, Date of Maturity would be 23-Nov-2022+ 4 years = 22-Nov-26
 
2. Set up the reminder emails to be triggered after 45 days, 60 days, 75 days and 88 days.
1.       1st Reminder Date -> Date of Payment by Finance + 45
2.       2nd Reminder Date -> Date of Payment by Finance + 60
3.       1st Reminder Date -> Date of Payment by Finance + 75
4.       1st Reminder Date -> Date of Payment by Finance + 88
5.       The email draft and the recipients of the mail is attached herewith.
 
3. Create one field that is to be visible on all approvers’ page –
1.       Grade
These fields need to be picked up from the SF report that gets placed on Luminous Dashboard.
The fields that are to referred to should be –
Grade -> Grade  Pay Grade Name
 4. We need a new option in BCO approval stage to send back the request to Admin (i.e. back by 1 step) in case the documents are incorrect or they have any queries.
Currently, the BCO can only Approve. Please add the button, “Send back to Admin”. This should take the request one level back. Rest of the flow to remain same.
5. The below highlighted fields should not be visible on this page to the requester. The request here is pending for Manager approval.
This should not be visible when request is pending for Admin, Manager, VH or Finance approval.
 We have made configurations in a way that, the documents field become available when a particular action (“Upload Document”) is selected by the requester and the payment details and attach payment proof fields appear when he/ she selects the “Update Refund Details” action.
6. Modify error message when employee applies for a request when one request is active.
“You can apply for only one request at a time”.
Validation set ->
At a time, if any request is open, and at any stage, the employee should not be able to apply for another request. To apply a fresh request, the previous one needs to be closed.
If the request is at ‘Approved and Closed by BCO’ stage, employee should not be able to apply for a new request till 48 months, i.e. 1461 days (including a leap year in between) from the date of Documents Approval by Admin team 2nd time, i.e. when they approve the Tax Invoice, Insurance and RC.
